src: allow setting a dir for all diagnostic output (#33584)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

Specify the directory where the CPU profiles generated by `--cpu-prof` will
be placed.

> This can be overwritten with the use of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is controlled by the
```

> [--diagnostic-dir](#--diagnostic-dir=directory) command line option.

Reviewer 2: These links are all broken in the generated HTML docs, e.g. this one would be `#cli_diagnostic_dir_directory`

Author: ive addressed this PTAL.

Specify the file name of the CPU profile generated by `--cpu-prof`.

### `--diagnostic-dir=directory`

> Set the directory for which all diagnostic output files should be written to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the directory to which diagnostic output files will be written to.
```

Defaults to current working directory.

> Affects the default value of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Affects the default output directory of:
```

> * [--cpu-prof-dir](#--cpu-prof-dir)

Reviewer 3: Considering these two dir flags are still experimental, I think we could just emit a deprecation warning for them, and make them no-ops when `--diagnostic-dir` is set (IIUC that's what this PR effectively does). Eventually we can just remove them.

Reviewer 3: um, on the other hand, maybe we would also want to allow the user to override these directories individually through `--cpu-prof-dir` and `--heap-prof-dir` even when `--diagnostic-dir` is set?

Author: thats what I intented with:
```js
  if (cpu_prof && cpu_prof_dir.empty() && !diagnostic_dir.empty()) {
      cpu_prof_dir = diagnostic_dir;
    }
```

Specify the directory where the heap profiles generated by `--heap-prof` will
be placed.

> This can be overwritten with the use of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is controlled by the
```

If an error occurs while attempting to write the warning to the file, the
warning will be written to stderr instead.

> This can be overwritten with the use of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `file` name may be an absolute path. If it is not, the default directory it will be written to is controlled by the
```

For consistency, there should be a `--warnings-dir` command line option (but that doesn't have to be added in this PR).

the JavaScript stack in conjunction with native stack and other runtime
environment data.

> ### `--set-output-dir=directory`

Reviewer 4: My apologies for the bikeshedding, but a name like `--diagnostic-dir=` or `--diagnostic-root=` may be better... basically, something that makes it clear that it's for diagnostic output. Also, the `set` doesn't really match the style of other command-line options.

Reviewer 4: Also, what should be the behavior if the path specified does not exist?

Author: Yep I just picked a placeholder name as I was sure there was going to be a better name than I could come up with.

Reviewer 4: > Yep I just picked a placeholder name as I was sure there was going to be a better name than I could come up with.

I once named a cat "Cat" so I'll admit that I'm not really the best person to suggest a better name ;-) 

Thanks for starting this work, btw, it's definitely helpful.

> Set the directory for which all output files should be written to.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Set the directory for which all diagnostic output files should be written to.
```

Also, would be good to indicate that this is cwd by default.

Reviewer: Double linking can be painful to maintain, but after the beginning, there shouldn't be too much churn (in the sense of features that are affected by this option), so I suggest this should link to the options that it affects, and the features it affects should link back to here.

Author: @sam-github what do you mean by double linking? is it just as simple as listing the affected options or do you mean put an actual link to the other options?

Reviewer: Something like, here:
```
Affects the default value of:
* [--report-dir](link to the --report-dir doc anchor)
* [--cpu-prof-dir](...)
```

Then in the docs for `--report-dir` (and all the others) say `defaults to CWD, but that can be changed using the [--diagnostic-dir](link to the doc anchor) command line option`.

That's the double link, the --feature-dir docs link to the global option, the global option links to all the --feature-dir options it sets the default of.
